Get yourself out of Covid

Self-reflect on your strengths
Get your CV and GitHub doing well
Optimise your LinkedIn profile - get it super hot and be approached for jobs. Set yourself as "open to opportunities"
audit teh SEO reach
request reommendations and skills endorsements
Set up job alerts (skills + location)
Find and follow companies

Mentoring

Find someone that you want to be like or in a discipline you wan to work inM
Make contact - no-one iwll be unkind or cruel - most people are responsive
Establish expectations - what do you want to get out of the relationship?
Set goals together - what will be the 
Work out a cadence that works for you both - weekly, monthly, six-monthly
List to teh adivce - and ask lots of questions
Don't be offended if you're challenged
Give feedback and always say 'thank you'

Who's hiring
There are still companies hiring ...
Healthcare and wellbeing
Pharmaceutical
e-Commerce and online retail
Logistics
Communications (e.g. O2)
Check FTSW 100 index usually mirrors hiring demand

MAXIMISE TIME IN LOCKDOWN

What do employers actually care about?
Are you passionatat about software evelopment
Are you motvateed to hearn
Can you work with others
Do you understand teh fundaments of building software/web apps
Can youcode using a programming language
Do you know good practies in regard to building software
Do you know abou thow to test code
Can you evidence the above

How can you spend your time? 

The obvious ... 
Code katas/challenges (codewars)
Online ocurses - -udemy web development bootcamp, Cs50 (Harvard CS course)
Start a personal project - somerhing you would find useful, something you would find fun, somerhing you tink someone else would find useful, find a free API with data you find intersting
Find a free API with data you find interesting 

The less obvious ...
Start a project with some else (or a group of you) who are learning to code - build a project or an app together - very useful to work in a group
Try the Oden project to work with others www.theodinproject.com/
Get real world experience by helping non-profits through freecodecamp - https://guide.freecodecamp.org/miscellaneous/how-free-code-camps-nonprofits-projects-work/
Ask someone for mentorship, get them to do code reviews on a project you're working on
Try to replicate sites that currently exist
Practice interview coding challenges https://www.interviewbit.com/coding-problems/
Practice interview take home tests - get mentors to review them https://github.com/skyscanner/full-stack-recruitment-test

Simply Business Tech Website
LinkedIn: /JenniferGC & /RobertFaldo


Interview question examples
- First inteview - more open questions - what makes you tick
- Second interview - more about competency and behaviour


David Torres - Software Engineer, Gousto - recipe & ingredients delivery


Tips and Tricks of coding in VSCode Andrea Asamoah

Using VS Code - recommended add-ins and ways to set up your environments

Built-in features 
Customise - install support for hte language you are developing in i.e. install support for JavaScript within Tools and languages

Terminal - make sure that when my file is open, I have my terminal open too. New Terminal at the bottom. 

Split editor - if working on long file and want to compare something at the top of file with something at the bottom of the screen. View them side by side. Or can open a different file side by side. Can split screen three ways or four ways. Can be horizontal split. Can have two files on one side and one on another. 

Extensions

gitlens - eric amodio
can click on branches and see version history and Checkanges line by line

prettier auto formatting
(ebsen petersen)

colour highlight


todo tree (gruntfuggly)
Add todo comments thoughout your code and then the todo list takes you to where your todo is so you can do that work


